The dictionary of words, the CONTENT, of thoth is licensed under a Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License

The CONTENT is being provided to you, the LICENSEE, by Princeton University
under the following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying the CONTENT,
you agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with these terms and
conditions.: Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute the CONTENT for any
purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you agree
to comply with the following copyright notice and statements, including the
disclaimer, and that the same appear on ALL copies of the CONTENT, including
modifications that you make for internal use or for distribution. WordNet 3.0
Copyright 2006 by Princeton University. All rights reserved. THE CONTENT IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" AND PRINCETON UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION,
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT-
ABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE LICENSED
CONTENT WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR
OTHER RIGHTS. The name of Princeton University or Princeton may not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the CONTENT. Title to
copyright in the CONTENT shall at all times remain with Princeton University
and LICENSEE agrees to preserve same.


All other contents (code, documentation, etc.), the SOFTWARE, of thoth is
licensed under the MIT license.

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Will Carhart

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "SOFTWARE"), to deal
in the SOFTWARE without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the SOFTWARE, and to permit persons to whom the SOFTWARE is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the SOFTWARE.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
